Description of use case senerio:
A employee in an office wants to print documents and he needs to be able to create a print job, monitor the print
job, and cancel the print job.
A system admin wants to manage the permissions and settings for printing within an office.

Features of the System:
Employees should be able to create print jobs.
Employees should be able to monitor their print jobs.
Employees should be able to cancel their print jobs.
System admins should be able to change settings for printers.
System admins should be able to give permissions to users for printer access.

Threat Actors:
Treekiller joe wants to spam print jobs to printers to prevent actual jobs from being printed.
Hacker tom wants to cause as much harm as possible by interfering with print jobs by altering the
print, removing print jobs, and forcing canceled jobs.
Sells Data for Cash josh wants to steal information about the prints by eavesdropping on the network.


User Authorization - Samba supports user authorizations 

Printer Settings to Limit Jobs - Yes, samba does have the ability to limit the size of prints
documented here:  https://www.samba.org/samba/docs/old/Samba3-HOWTO/CUPS-printing.html.  
This functionality is only available if the samba server back end is setup as a CUPS print server.

Encrypt Files - Yes samba does allow you to encrypt print files:  
https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/smbclient-security-windows-printing-and-file-transfer.  
Print files are SMB files so the files must be encrypted as such, and the way to do this in samba  is not very powerful.

OSS porject documentation review:

I reviewed https://wiki.samba.org/index.php/User_Documentation from "Domain Control to the end of NT4 Domains.

Findings:
As the domain controls in samba are widely used the documentation on setup is very thorough
with Active directory, but with the less used NT4 domain controller the documentation is much
sparser with setting up samba as an NT4 BDC being completly empty.  This leaves some area to add
some setup documentation in the user documentation.

Within Joining a Windows Server 2012 / 2012 R2 DC to a Samba AD there are currently warnings about adding a Windows 2012 server
to a samba active directory.  This can be indicative of an issue with adding a Windows Server 2008 server as well, and testing 
could show that a warning needs to be added to Joining a Windows Server 2008 / 2008 R2 DC to a Samba AD as well or if the issue
is not present on the Windows Server 2008 a note the bug does not affect Windows Server 2008.
